warthogs on the other hand have
potential adult cheetahs do sometimes
kill young warthogs but the full-grown
pigs are formidable with razor-sharp
tusks and the muscle to back them up and
that made me very nervous every time the
Cubs went charging off after a warthog
family I was worried sick that one of
them would get into trouble by the time
I was able to reach him
the damage was already done he'd been
called by the furious mother warthog and
badly gored I had no way of knowing the
full extent of the injuries only the
talking was in a great deal of pain and
absolutely terrified
[Music]
you've been really unlucky in many ways
but luck was smiling on him and others
visitors come to labor all the time on
safari and only this day Bengt Lucan a
swedish vet was here on holiday but
baked is no ordinary vet he works with
exotic animals in zoos he knew exactly
what to do to tranquilize talking so
that he could be moved safely and given
a thorough check over well done so keep
talking that's it he's definitely going
out having Toki slipping out of
consciousness in my hands was really
hard to swallow but I knew that this was
for his own good
Bengt had a huge amount of experience of
dealing with injured animals but an
injury like this could have
complications
this is a superficial but this has
caused a lot of problem and then this
puncture here somewhere on the dorsal
side of it base of the tail and then the
bite at the base of the tail has
actually broken through the muscle at
the base of Chuckies tail so that's
going to be quite a painful injury a
cheater uses its tail the whole time as
a counterbalance when it's running at
high speed if taki lost the use of his
it would make his life very difficult
brilliant so Wow patched up
waiting for Toki to come round from the
anesthetic was agonizing regardless of
his wounds I just wanted to see him
awake again take it steady take it
steady he was back on his feet just we'd
only know if he still had the full use
of his tail after the wounds had healed
and that could take weeks
you